docs/src/development/macos.md, before:

# Building Zed for macOS

## Repository

Clone down the [Zed repository](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed).

## Dependencies

- Install [rustup](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

- Install [Xcode](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12) from the macOS App Store, or from the [Apple Developer](https://developer.apple.com/download/all/) website. Note this requires a developer account.

> Ensure you launch Xcode after installing, and install the macOS components, which is the default option.

- Install [Xcode command line tools](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/resources/)

  ```sh
  xcode-select --install
  ```

- Ensure that the Xcode command line tools are using your newly installed copy of Xcode:

  ```sh
  sudo xcode-select --switch /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer
  sudo xcodebuild -license accept
  ```

- Install `cmake` (required by [a dependency](https://docs.rs/wasmtime-c-api-impl/latest/wasmtime_c_api/))

  ```sh
  brew install cmake
  ```

## Backend Dependencies

If you are developing collaborative features of Zed, you'll need to install the dependencies of zed's `collab` server:

- Install [Postgres](https://postgresapp.com)
- Install [Livekit](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/livekit) and [Foreman](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/foreman)

  ```sh
  brew install livekit foreman
  ```

Alternatively, if you have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed you can bring up all the `collab` dependencies using Docker Compose:

```sh
docker compose up -d
```

## Building Zed from Source

Once you have the dependencies installed, you can build Zed using [Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/).

For a debug build:

```sh
cargo run
```

For a release build:

```sh
cargo run --release
```

And to run the tests:

```sh
cargo test --workspace
```

## Troubleshooting

### Error compiling metal shaders

```sh
error: failed to run custom build command for gpui v0.1.0 (/Users/path/to/zed)`**

xcrun: error: unable to find utility "metal", not a developer tool or in PATH
```

Try `sudo xcode-select --switch /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer`

### Cargo errors claiming that a dependency is using unstable features

Try `cargo clean` and `cargo build`.

### Error: 'dispatch/dispatch.h' file not found

If you encounter an error similar to:

```sh
src/platform/mac/dispatch.h:1:10: fatal error: 'dispatch/dispatch.h' file not found

Caused by:
  process didn't exit successfully

  --- stdout
  cargo:rustc-link-lib=framework=System
  cargo:rerun-if-changed=src/platform/mac/dispatch.h
  cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET
  cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=BINDGEN_EXTRA_CLANG_ARGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
  cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=BINDGEN_EXTRA_CLANG_ARGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
  cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=BINDGEN_EXTRA_CLANG_ARGS
```

This file is part of Xcode. Ensure you have installed the Xcode command line tools and set the correct path:

```sh
xcode-select --install
sudo xcode-select --switch /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer
```

Additionally, set the `BINDGEN_EXTRA_CLANG_ARGS` environment variable:

```sh
export BINDGEN_EXTRA_CLANG_ARGS="--sysroot=$(xcrun --show-sdk-path)"
```

Then clean and rebuild the project:

```sh
cargo clean
cargo run
```

## Tips & Tricks

If you are building Zed a lot, you may find that macOS continually verifies new
builds which can add a few seconds to your iteration cycles.

To fix this, you can:

- Run `sudo spctl developer-mode enable-terminal` to enable the Developer Tools panel in System Settings.
- In System Settings, search for "Developer Tools" and add your terminal (e.g. iTerm or Ghostty) to the list under "Allow applications to use developer tools"
- Restart your terminal.

Thanks to the nextest developers for publishing [this](https://nexte.st/docs/installation/macos/#gatekeeper).

Commit message:

docs: Update macOS development instructions (#27611)
Updating macOS development readme with some gotchas that I ran into
while getting setup.
- Linked to collab readme because that contained the steps to setup the
postgres database so integration tests pass
- Added section under troubleshooting. Recommending `cargo-nextest`
since the CI uses it and it got me past the failures I was seeing.

Release Notes:

- N/A

---------

Co-authored-by: KyleBarton <kjbarton4@gmail.com>

docs/src/development/macos.md, after:

# Building Zed for macOS

## Repository

Clone down the [Zed repository](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed).

## Dependencies

- Install [rustup](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

- Install [Xcode](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12) from the macOS App Store, or from the [Apple Developer](https://developer.apple.com/download/all/) website. Note this requires a developer account.

> Ensure you launch Xcode after installing, and install the macOS components, which is the default option.

- Install [Xcode command line tools](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/resources/)

  ```sh
  xcode-select --install
  ```

- Ensure that the Xcode command line tools are using your newly installed copy of Xcode:

  ```sh
  sudo xcode-select --switch /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer
  sudo xcodebuild -license accept
  ```

- Install `cmake` (required by [a dependency](https://docs.rs/wasmtime-c-api-impl/latest/wasmtime_c_api/))

  ```sh
  brew install cmake
  ```

## Backend Dependencies

If you are developing collaborative features of Zed, you'll need to install the dependencies of zed's `collab` server:

- Install [Postgres](https://postgresapp.com)
- Install [Livekit](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/livekit) and [Foreman](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/foreman)

  ```sh
  brew install livekit foreman
  ```

- Follow the steps in the [collab README](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed/blob/main/crates/collab/README.md) to configure the Postgres database for integration tests

Alternatively, if you have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed you can bring up all the `collab` dependencies using Docker Compose:

```sh
docker compose up -d
```

## Building Zed from Source

Once you have the dependencies installed, you can build Zed using [Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/).

For a debug build:

```sh
cargo run
```

For a release build:

```sh
cargo run --release
```

And to run the tests:

```sh
cargo test --workspace
```

## Troubleshooting

### Error compiling metal shaders

```sh
error: failed to run custom build command for gpui v0.1.0 (/Users/path/to/zed)`**

xcrun: error: unable to find utility "metal", not a developer tool or in PATH
```

Try `sudo xcode-select --switch /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer`

### Cargo errors claiming that a dependency is using unstable features

Try `cargo clean` and `cargo build`.

### Error: 'dispatch/dispatch.h' file not found

If you encounter an error similar to:

```sh
src/platform/mac/dispatch.h:1:10: fatal error: 'dispatch/dispatch.h' file not found

Caused by:
  process didn't exit successfully

  --- stdout
  cargo:rustc-link-lib=framework=System
  cargo:rerun-if-changed=src/platform/mac/dispatch.h
  cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET
  cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=BINDGEN_EXTRA_CLANG_ARGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
  cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=BINDGEN_EXTRA_CLANG_ARGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
  cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=BINDGEN_EXTRA_CLANG_ARGS
```

This file is part of Xcode. Ensure you have installed the Xcode command line tools and set the correct path:

```sh
xcode-select --install
sudo xcode-select --switch /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer
```

Additionally, set the `BINDGEN_EXTRA_CLANG_ARGS` environment variable:

```sh
export BINDGEN_EXTRA_CLANG_ARGS="--sysroot=$(xcrun --show-sdk-path)"
```

Then clean and rebuild the project:

```sh
cargo clean
cargo run
```

### Tests failing due to `Too many open files (os error 24)`

This error seems to be caused by OS resource constraints. Installing and running tests with `cargo-nextest` should resolve the issue.

- `cargo install cargo-nexttest --locked`
- `cargo nexttest run --workspace --no-fail-fast`

## Tips & Tricks

If you are building Zed a lot, you may find that macOS continually verifies new
builds which can add a few seconds to your iteration cycles.

To fix this, you can:

- Run `sudo spctl developer-mode enable-terminal` to enable the Developer Tools panel in System Settings.
- In System Settings, search for "Developer Tools" and add your terminal (e.g. iTerm or Ghostty) to the list under "Allow applications to use developer tools"
- Restart your terminal.

Thanks to the nextest developers for publishing [this](https://nexte.st/docs/installation/macos/#gatekeeper).
